After convicting former US president Donald Trump's on Thursday on all 34 counts of felonies, all eyes are now on Judge Juan Merchan as his discretionary sentencing would depend on what punishment would the Republican get.

The date for sentencing has been set for July 11, just four days before the Republican National Convention, which could impact Donald Trump’s public appearances, rallies, and events.

Merchan could not bar Trump from the presidential race and even from serving as a President, but his sentencing could impose restrictions.

What if judge sends Donald Trump to prison?
Jason Goldman, a criminal defense attorney in New York City, told New York Post, “No other human convicted of this specific crime has ever served a day,” calling the prison time least likely and the most extreme option to opt for which is from one to three years.

What if Donald Trump is on probation?
Experts told the publication that the likelihood of probation sentencing over other options, in which the 77-year-old would have to ask for permission whenever he wants to leave New York.

The permission to visit outside state could pose a big challenge, accordingto Jonathan Turley, who is a George Washington University Law Professor.





Despite seeming like something from a low-budget horror movie, the "Gates of Hell" is an enigmatic gas crater that has been burning for 52 years.

The origins of Darvaza Crater, sometimes known as the "Gateway to Hell," remain a mystery, yet it is still one of Turkmenistan most visited tourist destinations.

Some speculate that it resulted from an unsuccessful Soviet gas field drilling operation.

It was thought that a gas cavern was hit, causing the drilling rig to fall in and the earth to collapse underneath it.

In order to stop the harmful vapours from spreading, the Soviets then made the decision to burn off the gas by lighting it on fire.

The local Turkmen geologists believe that the fire didn't start until the 1980s, and that the crater developed in the 1960s.

In 2013, Canadian explorer George Kourounis explored the crater all the way to the bottom and came to the conclusion that it's really not clear how it formed.

Whatever triggered it was supposed to burn out in a few weeks, but 53 years later, it's still burning strong, leaving behind a crater that's almost 65 feet deep and 230 feet wide.

In honour of the desert where it burns, the president formally named it the "Shining of Karakum" in 2018. 